Who wants to see me?
What if it's me
Why is the wind handsome?
You know I'm handsome
Why don't you kneel with your sword?
I only worship two people in this world
One for the earth
Two for one emperor
What are you?
Let go of Chief Wu
Get it for me
Who dares to move?
Although you are a emperor cave
But you don't know that the earth wants me as a parent
Don't say a king
Even if the emperor kneels before me
Get it for me
Forced me to kill
Don't blame me
You are bold
You actually hurt my guard
What can you do to me?
You know I can't do anything to you
You'll see in a minute.
Princess what
You're at the door.
I'll meet you right away
You two are set
Princess please come in please come in
Work please
Why are you here?